[DIAL TONE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
SPEAKER: The only thing that
evolves faster than technology
is our expectations.
We want everything
better, easier, now.
Suddenly, downloading an app
feels like it takes forever,
and in many parts of the world,
data is still at a premium,
with one megabyte costing
up to 5% of a monthly wage.
Let's face it,
though-- until now,
the alternative to native
apps hasn't been great.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
But that was then.
Progressive web apps can now
deliver mobile web experiences
with a native look and
feel, offering features
like real-time
push notifications,
adding a site to
your home screen,
so you can easily jump back
to it with a single tap
even when you're offline.
Plus the ability to make
quick payments on the go,
and all from your browser.
This is the next generation
of the mobile web.
So what are we waiting for?
Let's go ahead and
build something great.
[MUSIC PLAYING]